Misc changes for network section (#678)
openstack-k8s-operators/data-plane-adoption: docs_user/modules/proc_using-new-subnet-ranges.adoc

plane services. There are no specific requirements for the
existing deployment allocation pools that are already consumed by the {OpenStackShort} environment.

In the following procedure, you configure `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` custom resources (CRs) to use a different subnet from what is configured in the `network_config` section of the `OpenStackDataPlaneNodeSet` CR for the same networks. The new range in the `NetworkAttachmentDefinition` CR is used for control plane services, while the existing range in the `OpenStackDataPlaneNodeSet` CR is used to manage IP Address Management (IPAM) for data plane nodes.

The values that are used in the following procedure are examples. Use values that are specific to your configuration.

.Procedure

> . Before proceeding, configure link local routes on the existing deployment nodes for the control plane subnets. This is done through {OpenStackPreviousInstaller} configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Before proceeding, configure link local routes on the existing deployment nodes for the control plane subnets. This is done through {OpenStackPreviousInstaller} configuration:
```

<1> The new control plane subnet.
<2> The control plane IP address of the existing data plane node.

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
I suggest deleting the plus sign and just having a space between line 31 and 33. Currently, line 33 looks like it only applies to line 31, but it applies to the whole step.

Author: This didn't work as expected. It's not a single line. I will need to check how to do it properly.

```
The control plane IP address of the existing data plane node. Repeat this configuration for other networks that need to use different subnets for the new and existing parts of the deployment.
```

Reviewer: Do you mean that you want it to look like how you pasted it in this comment? If so, it looks okay in the preview now.

Author: No I mean the paragraph should belong to the whole list entry, and it should NOT restart numbering. I think the original `+` should be left. This is how continuations are defined in `asciidoc`: https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/lists/continuation/#list-continuation

172.31.0.0/24 via 192.168.122.100 dev br-ctlplane
----

> . Link local routes to existing deployment should also be configured on {rhos_long} worker nodes. This is achieved by adding `routes` entries to the `NodeNetworkConfigurationPolicy` CRs for each network. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. You also must configure link local routes to existing deployment on {rhos_long} worker nodes. This is achieved by adding `routes` entries to the `NodeNetworkConfigurationPolicy` CRs for each network. For example:
```
Should it be "RHOSO" worker nodes, or "RHOCP" worker nodes?

Author: RHOSO. I believe this is what `rhos_long` stands for.

Reviewer: Yes, you're right.

+
----

>       - destination: 192.168.122.0/24 <1>

Reviewer: I think this code should be shifted to the left.

Author: I can do it of course, but honestly... this was not the intent of the PR to fix **everything**. :P

            ...
----

> . List addresses used for data plane nodes in the existing deployment as `ansibleHost` and `fixedIP`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. List the addresses that are used for the data plane nodes in the existing deployment as `ansibleHost` and `fixedIP`. For example:
```

        subnetName: subnet1
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+
```
I think you need a plus sign at line 103 (between the code block and the note). The numbering of last two steps  starts over at 1, and I think it's because this plus sign is missing.

[IMPORTANT]
Do not change {OpenStackShort} node IP addresses during the adoption process. List previously used IP addresses in the `fixedIP` fields for each node entry in the `nodes` section of the `OpenStackDataPlaneNodeSet` CR.

. Expand the SSH range for the firewall configuration to include both subnets to allow SSH access to data plane nodes from both subnets:
+
----

>         edpm_sshd_allowed_ranges:

Reviewer: Should the code be moved to the left?
